Updated Cloud project creation screens and text to include plan selection (#1637)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/cloud/getting-started/deployment.md

    ![Strapi Cloud Projects page](/img/assets/cloud/projects_empty.png)

## Creating a project

1. From the **Projects** page, click the **Create Project** button.
    You will be shown a **plan selection** dialog.
    This will allow you to select the most relevant plan for your project. Refer to [Pricing](https://strapi.io/pricing-cloud) for more information.

    ![Plan selection page](/img/assets/cloud/plan-selection.png)

    :::note

>     We offer a free trial for one project only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Strapi Cloud offers a free trial for only one project.
```
